Changed to reflect default cookbook generate behavior to policyfile (#2600)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/ctl_chef.md

`-b`, `--berks`

> :   Create a Berksfile in the cookbook. Default value: disabled. This value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Create a Berksfile in the cookbook. Default: disabled. Optional.
```

>     must be specified to override the default creation of a policyfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use to create a berksfile by overriding default creation of a Policyfile.
```

Reviewer: Apologies if I messed with a required line length.

>     instead of a berksfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`-P`, `--policy`

> :   Create a Policyfile in the cookbook instead of a Berksfile. Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Create a Policyfile in the cookbook instead of a Berksfile.
```

>     value: enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Default: enabled.
```
